Add a guide to benchmark configuration options (#168)
Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark: docs/configuration-options.md

| `advanced("nativeFork", "value")`             | Executes iterations within the same process ("perBenchmark") or each iteration in a separate process ("perIteration"). | `"perBenchmark"`, `"perIteration"` | `"perBenchmark"` |
| `advanced("nativeGCAfterIteration", value)`   | Whether to trigger garbage collection after each iteration.                                                            | `true`, `false`                    | `false`          |

### Kotlin/JVM
| Option                                      | Description                                                | Possible Values                        | Default Value  |
|---------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------|
| `advanced("jvmForks", value)`               | Specifies the number of times the harness should fork.     | Non-negative Integer, `"definedByJmh"` | `1`            |

**Notes on "jvmForks":**
- **0** - "no fork", i.e., no subprocesses are forked to run benchmarks.
- A positive integer value – the amount used for all benchmarks in this configuration.

> - **"definedByJmh"** – Let JMH determine the amount, using the value in the [`@Fork` annotation](https://javadoc.io/static/org.openjdk.jmh/jmh-core/1.21/org/openjdk/jmh/annotations/Fork.html) for the benchmark function or its enclosing class. If not specified by `@Fork`, it defaults to [Defaults.MEASUREMENT_FORKS (`5`)](https://javadoc.io/static/org.openjdk.jmh/jmh-core/1.21/org/openjdk/jmh/runner/Defaults.html#MEASUREMENT_FORKS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **"definedByJmh"** – Let JMH determine the amount, using the value in the [`@Fork` annotation](https://javadoc.io/doc/org.openjdk.jmh/jmh-core/latest/org/openjdk/jmh/annotations/Fork.html) for the benchmark function or its enclosing class. If not specified by `@Fork`, it defaults to [Defaults.MEASUREMENT_FORKS (`5`)](https://javadoc.io/doc/org.openjdk.jmh/jmh-core/latest/org/openjdk/jmh/runner/Defaults.html#MEASUREMENT_FORKS).
```

Although, it might be worth using links to `1.21` as it's a version the plugin is compiled with.

Author: I think it's better to reference the latest version. It might contain improved documentation. I highly doubt the fundamental behavior of the annotation changes release to release

| `include("…")`                      | Applies a regular expression to include benchmarks that match the substring in their fully qualified names.                                             | Regex pattern                                              | -                                                   |
| `exclude("…")`                      | Applies a regular expression to exclude benchmarks that match the substring in their fully qualified names.                                             | Regex pattern                                              | -                                                   |
| `param("name", "value1", "value2")` | Assigns values to a public mutable property with the specified name, annotated with `@Param`.                                                           | String values that represent valid values for the property | @Param                                              |

> | `reportFormat`                      | Defines the benchmark report's format options.                                                                                                          | `json`(default), `csv`, `scsv`, `text`                     | -                                                   |

Author: I've created an issue to add those examples sooner or later: https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark/issues/183

Please take a look and feel free to request any other features you think should be showcased in a sample project.

The following values can be used for specifying time unit:
- "NANOSECONDS", "ns", "nanos"
- "MICROSECONDS", "us", "micros"
- "MILLISECONDS", "ms", "millis"
- "SECONDS", "s", "sec"
- "MINUTES", "m", "min"

## Platform-Specific Configuration Options

The options listed in the following sections allow you to tailor the benchmark execution behavior for specific platforms:

### Kotlin/Native
| Option                                        | Description                                                                                                            | Possible Values                | Default Value  |
|-----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------|

> | `advanced("nativeFork", "value")`             | Executes iterations within the same process ("perBenchmark") or each iteration in a separate process ("perIteration"). | `perBenchmark`, `perIteration` | "perBenchmark" |

Author: Done. PTAL if I have fixed all inconsistencies.
